## Description
This task requires the implementation of a program in C that simulates an active object pipeline using POSIX threads. The pipeline comprises four key elements: Task, Queue, Active Object, and Pipeline.

### Task
The Task structure represents an individual task within the pipeline.

### Queue
The Queue is a concurrent data structure designed to ensure thread-safety, enabling multiple threads to access it simultaneously. It offers blocking operations for both enqueueing and dequeueing items, ensuring proper synchronization.

### Active Object
The Active Object is a distinct thread that performs the execution of a designated handler function. It functions within the pipeline and facilitates communication with other active objects through the queue.

### Pipeline
The Pipeline consists of four active objects that collaborate with one another through the queue. Each active object carries out specific operations on the tasks it receives and subsequently passes them to the next active object in the pipeline.

The pipeline's structure is organized as follows:

**Producer (Active Object 1):** This active object generates random numbers and sends them to the queue of the first consumer.
**First Consumer (Active Object 2):** The first consumer receives numbers from the producer, verifies if they are prime numbers, adds 11 to each number, and sends them to the queue of the second consumer.
**Second Consumer (Active Object 3):** The second consumer receives numbers from the first consumer, checks if they are prime numbers, subtracts 13 from each number, and sends them to the queue of the third consumer.
**Third Consumer (Active Object 4):** The third consumer receives numbers from the second consumer, checks if they are prime numbers, adds 2 to each number, and prints the result. The printed number should match the number generated by the producer.

By structuring the tasks as a pipeline of active objects, this program efficiently handles and modifies data as it moves through the pipeline, resulting in effective processing and transformation of the data.

## Requirements

Linux machine (Ubuntu 22.04 LTS preferable)
GNU C Compiler
Make

## How to run
```
# Run the program
./st_pipeline <N>


